Cicero Trigram Quotes:
WHAT THIS TELLS US: holy shit, this is good.  When there is some ambiguity to the sentence structure (when it is more loosely defined and the sentences themselves are more complex), it allows our model to create such sentences and is difficult for 
humans to tell the difference between these generated sentences, and the abstract, real sentences themselves.

people do not know how wretched you are aspiring to the human race , what is permissible is not natural for a misfortune that strikes everyone .

the study and knowledge of the people is the attempt to form a friendship inspired separated from disgust .


nothing is more unreliable than the populace , nothing more obscure than human intentions , nothing more deceptive than the populace lame and defective were no thousands of richer through damages and injuries suffered by another .

i add this , that rational ability without education has oftener raised man condemn the innocent .

the rule of friendship is like insatiable longing to see the truth .

the function of wisdom is to remain always a child .

we should not be so in mind hatreds not vowed and become richer through damages and injuries suffered by another .

if you pursue evil with pleasure , the harder it is the power of doing what he pleases , belongs to youth probity , and judgment .


in honorable dealing you should consider what mutual sympathy between them , each supplying what the other , always using friendly and sincere men ennobled by study than by nature .

brevity is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by glory .

there is nothing but an imitation of the youth .

one who portrait of the universe would somehow be lame and defective were obligation to do the impossible is binding .

an unjust peace is liberty in tranquillity .

the power to live is to think .

it is shed for the road the nearer we approach to our journey 's end .

every man can tell how many goats or sheep he possesses , but to defend them negligently is nothing short of criminal .

all pain is either severe or slight , it is foolish to tear one 's hair in grief , as it is with our own luxury , our own luxury , our own criminality that we have to contend .

brevity is a possession of inestimable value .

what an ugly beast the crown of life , our play 's last act .


